Factorise fetching of shared archive source packages (#4893)
ocaml/opam: master_changes.md

## Config report
  *

> ## Actions
>   *  Add a `'Fetches' action to share fetches: one node to download once and prepare source once for packages that share same archive [#XXX @rjbou - fix #XXX]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Actions
  *  Add a `'Fetches' action to share fetches: one node to download once and prepare source once for packages that share same archive [#4893 @rjbou - fix #3741]
```

## opam-client
  * `OpamStd.ABSTRACT`: add `compare` and `equal`, that added those functions to `OpamCLIVersion` [#4918 @rjbou]
## opam-repository

>   * New download functions, old ones kept [#XXX rjbou]
>   * Add `OpamRepository.is_cached` [#XXX]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * New download functions, old ones kept [#4893 @rjbou]
  * Add `OpamRepository.is_cached` [#4893 @rjbou]
```
